# Group 7 Meeting Minutes 23-11-21

## Attendance:

**In-Person:**


**Remote:**\
Nan Chen\
Mabel Olson\
Luke Chapman\
Reid Crews\
Isaac Hoese\
Isaac Jennings\
Abigail Kennedy

## Team Member Updates

Most of the signoffs have been submitted and many have been approved. 

Mabel and Luke have gotten order forms approved, will submit to Julie soon.

## Action Items from Last Meeting

Go over the current status of signoffs and schedule for signoff submission.

## Meeting Minutes

Dr. Chen is catching up on signoffs so the ones submitted should be done soon.

Team discussed Mabel's current design for chassis modularity.

Mabel has one signoff not yet submitted, the others are approved and  most of the order forms have been submitted.

There are only two signoffs not yet submitted, Mabel's final signoff for organization and Luke's wireless charging signoff. 

Luke's order form for power distribution is completed and has been signed by Dr. Chen, needs to send to Julie and email Roberts for PCB ordering.

Luke will also discuss with Roberts in class about not counting the wireless charging in the order count by the end of the semester as it is a reach goal.

Team discussed submitting the final presentation. Will probably record during finals week over Teams or something. The goal is to have the presentation done by next Friday.

Team made outline for final presentation.

## Action Items for Next Meeting

Go over progress and feedback from Roberts and Chen. Also discuss presentation and github.

## Member Assignments

Each team member should work on their subsystems sections on the presentation, following the checklist given on iLearn. Also finish and submit any order forms and signoffs.