# Group 7 Meeting Minutes 24-03-25

## Attendance:

**In-Person:**\
Abigail Kennedy\
Reid Crews\
Isaac Hoese\
Isaac Jennings\
Luke Chapman\
Mabel Olson\

**Remote:**\


## Team Member Updates

Team members continued working on subsystems for experimental analysis (EA).

Isaac H:\
One of the line sensors stopped working, started sending all zeros. Something may have gotten shorted when thing were being moved. Otherwise, sensor readout is working and have some communication between sensors, arduinos, and jetson nano. Figured out why I2C sensors werent working - They were sending 3.3 V signals, but receiving 5 V signals. Moving everything over to 3.3 V rails fixed it.

Mabel:\
Updated sensor attachments and sent to makerspace. Worked on user manual.

Luke:\
Worked on manual, tested the twisted pair cable which seems to not work. Got a basic CPT setup working, need to ask Roberts how far need need to go with the CPT setup. Finished manual as well.

Abigail:\
Worked more on motor code for communication and got steering working. Will work more on motor code.

Isaac J:\
Worked on getting comms working, motor comm almost works. Sensor communication working.

Reid:\
Picked out locations for measurements for EA, 

## Action Items from Last Meeting

Go over measures of success.

## Meeting Minutes

Will add a button to the jetson nano to have a start button that doesn't connect all power to the robot.

Talk to Roberts about:
- Wireless charging on experimental analysis
- If 22.5 degree incline/decline is acceptable.
- User manual and getting feedback

## Action Items for Next Meeting

Talk to Dr Chen about what she expects from the EA.

## Member Assignments

Continue working on respective parts for the EA.