# Group 7 Advisor Meeting Minutes 24-03-05

## Attendance:

**In-Person:**\
Abigail Kennedy\
Mabel Olson\
Reid Crews\
Isaac Hoese\
Luke Chapman\

**Remote:**\
Isaac Jennings\
Nan Chen

## Team Member Updates

Isaac and Reid have made progress on debugging the sensor readout. The issue is that some of the sensors are blocking some of the others for some reason. Will continue debugging to find more specifically what the issue is.

## Action Items from Last Meeting

Go over progress on subsystems, particularly the integration of the sensors and master control code on the Jetson Nano, and the communication between the microcontrollers.

## Meeting Minutes

Discussed with Dr. Chen about progress on subsystems. Discussed procedure for testing for the experimental analysis deadline and about the plan for wireless charging experimentation.

Ask Roberts about if Advisor need to check of experimental analysis and if due date is behind a week.

Ask Roberts about updating designs in the Github.

Agenda for tomorrow:
- Ask about experimental analysis date
- Ask about updating designs in GitHub
- Ask about pull-up resistor I2C + PCB

Miscellaneous note: It was agreed last meeting that for the 12 V rails, while the color code is orange, orange striping is also acceptable to make it easier to make the larger gauge wires orange if the original color is red.

## Action Items for Next Meeting

Go over progress on subsystems.

## Member Assignments

Continue working on subsystems, start working on subsytem parts of manual and think about experimental procedure.