# Group 7 Meeting Minutes 23-10-07

## Attendance:

**In-Person:**\
Abigail Kennedy\
Isaac Hoese\
Isaac Jennings\
Mabel Olson\
Reid Crews\
Luke Chapman\
Nan Chen

**Remote:**


## Team Member Updates

All of the team members have submitted their signoffs for the detail design checkpoint 2. Dr. Chen has given feedback on two of them so far. Isaac H's components have already arrived for his first signoff.

## Action Items from Last Meeting

Go over any feedback on the signoff pull requests given by Dr. Chen for any of the five signoffs submitted.

## Meeting Minutes

**Supervisor Meeting:**\
Discussed with Dr. Chen about the signoffs. Dr. Chen asked for clarification from the sensor signoff breakdown.

Dr. Chen said she doesn't mind doing digital signatures for the ordering forms.

Goal is to get all of the signoffs done by Nov 29th.

Dr. Chen did not have any questions for the team.

All signoffs and orders are due by 4:30 pm the friday before grading.

**Team Meeting:**

Michael's team and Jayden's team are the 

The team are reviewing the secon (Connor's team) and greenhouse (Jared's team) team. 

Abigail volunteered to do the review for one of the conceptual designs and the Isaac's will split doing the other.

Will get contact info from Jared tomorrow in class.

## Action Items for Next Meeting

Go over what feedback has been given on signoffs. Discuss progress on next signoffs made. Reevaluate signoff schedule if needed.

## Member Assignments

Everyone: Continue working on the next signoff and go over any feedback Dr. Chen has left on

Isaac H, Isaac J, Abigail: finish the peer-review assignment