# Group 7 Meeting Minutes 24-03-18

## Attendance:

**In-Person:**\
Mabel Olson\
Reid Crews\
Luke Chapman\
Isaac Jennings\
Isaac Hoese\
Luke Chapman

**Remote:**\


## Team Member Updates

Isaac H and Reid:\
Sensors work until the ToF sensors are connected. Since the ToF sensors are for object detection which isn't a constraint, we will discuss with Chen and Roberts about not integrating them since they are not necessary. Need to calibrate orientation sensor. Received new grove connections with grove-to-male pin and male-to-male pin adapters.

Abigail:\
Looked online to see if anyone has had similar issues with the motors. Haven't found anything yet. Will work on integrating with Isaac J on Thursday.

Isaac H:\
Got proof of concept for the serial communication. There is a python package for serial communication that should integrate pretty seamlessly with ROS. Will be meeting with everyone this week to integrate communications.

Mabel:\
Worked on rewiring the robot and labeling them. Will work on the redesign of the ultrasonic sensor attachment this week along with a few other miscellaneous changes. Also will work on some reach goals such housing for the switch and LCD screen. If time allows, may make a box to put over the top of the robot.

Luke:\
Soldered together another board, made a twisted pair cable for the battery charger to make charging during use easier. Didn't get a chance to to work on CPT, need to have someone show how to use the "blue box" amplifier before use.

## Action Items from Last Meeting

Go over progress on subsystems.

## Meeting Minutes

For comm to the motors, will send 2 bytes. MSB is linear velocity, second is angular velocity - pos in cw, neg is ccw.

## Action Items for Next Meeting

Go over progress on subsystems.

## Member Assignments

Continue working on subsystems.