# Group 7 Meeting Minutes 24-01-29

## Attendance:

**In-Person:**\
Abigail Kennedy\
Mabel Olson\
Isaac Jennings\
Isaac Hoese\
Reid Crews\
Luke Chapman

**Remote:**


## Team Member Updates

All orders have been received, except for the emergency stop button that was mislabeled and the orders from the final wireless charging signoff. I2C buses never shipped and have been reordered. The Ms. Mountain has contacted the manufacturer of the mislabeled emergency stop button.

## Action Items from Last Meeting



## Meeting Minutes

Team went over what everyone will be working on this week.

Will go over with Dr. Chen what "minimally" functional prototype means tomorrow.

Isaac J:\
Start working with Nav2 (ROS navigation package) and learning how to navigate the robot. Will also start on a more detailed flowchart for how the robot structure will work.

Luke:\
Respond to whatever changes Dr. Chen requests on the wireless charging signoff. Continue debugging the power board to ensure that it can provide the correct output voltages and currents. Also testing the input voltage range. Finally, make sure that the battery charger can successfully charge the battery.

Abigail:\
Will start looking at the motors and how the encoding works. Start working on the skeleton code for the motor control.

Mabel:\
Look over all of the prints from last semester and make sure that everything fits together.

Isaac H:\
Work more on the line following, testing with different colors to see if the reflectances change and if any amplification needs to be done in code. Also work on the OLED display to be put on the robot. Will make the line-following code more modular.

Reid:\
Do more work on the ultrasonic sensor and begin working on code for the time-of-flight sensor.

We need to talk to Roberts about a third IEEE board.

## Action Items for Next Meeting

Go over what everyone's progress was on their respective subsystems and discuss with Dr Chen about details on an acceptble "minimally functional prototype."

## Member Assignments

Work on respective subsystems and try to complete goals set.