# Group 7 Meeting Minutes 24-04-08

## Attendance:

**In-Person:**\
Abigail Kennedy\
Isaac Hoese\
Isaac Jennings\
Mabel Olson\
Reid Crews\
Luke Chapman

**Remote:**\


## Team Member Updates

Progress made on nav and sensor communication. Robot seems to have difficulty getting over the hills while line sensing since the motors aren't run at maximum power while the line-sensing correction program is running.

Added line to the flat arena to test the line following more. Will test the line following and incline traversing separately.


## Action Items from Last Meeting

Go over progress on EA.

## Meeting Minutes

Talked to Roberts about using Lidar for the mapping. Could just show that the robot can map the hallway. Rev2 can have the battery sit lower in the robot and have the lidar.

Instead of waiting for the battery to completely die, can use curve matching using the datasheet to estiate from data.

Robot can navigate the flat arena almost entirely. 

Took pictures for the capstone poster.

Discussed the robot doing a sweep of the flat arena.

## Action Items for Next Meeting



## Member Assignments

