# Group 7 Meeting Minutes 24-02-28

## Attendance:

**In-Person:**\
Isaac Hoese\
Isaac Jennings\
Mabel Olson\
Reid Crews\
Luke Chapman\
Abigail Kennedy\
Nan Chen

**Remote:**\


## Team Member Updates

Discussed with Roberts about several points on Monday and in class on Wednesday.

Everything needing to be in ROS.\
No, we can have some in Arduino.

Vin pin being ok with 5V.\
It is probably fine.

Speed not being 2 ft/s.\
Should debug and try to find out why it is not hitting 2 ft/s and fix it. If not, at least have a hypothesis for why it is not reaching that speed.

Emergency Stop Button Height.\
Try putting button on its side. Can also use another button that is not safety rated but stays pressed.

Technical Presentation Due Data.\
Current due date should be correct with the extra snow week, but the date can be debated if there is a reason for it.

## Action Items from Last Meeting

Go over the minimally functional prototype checklist with Dr. Chen.

## Meeting Minutes

The team demonstrated the minimally functional prototype with everything working. The sensor readout worked over wired connection, but the extra goal of having sensor readout over bluetooth did not work during the test, but a video of it working yesterday was shown to Dr. Chen.

The checklist can be found in the "Documentation/Minimally Functional Prototype" folder here on the repository along with videos of demonstrations showing a functioning minimally functional prototype.

## Action Items for Next Meeting

Go over progress on subsystems, particularly the integration of the sensors and master control code on the Jetson Nano, and the communication between the microcontrollers.

## Member Assignments

Continue working on subsystems.