# Group 7 Meeting Minutes 24-01-30

## Attendance:

**In-Person:**\
Reid Crews\
Mabel Olson\
Abigail Kennedy\
Luke Chapman\
Isaac Hoese\
Isaac Jennings\
Nan Chen

**Remote:**\
Isaac Jennings

## Team Member Updates



## Action Items from Last Meeting

Make agenda for meeting with Roberts on Wednesday.

## Meeting Minutes

Advisor Meeting:

The team went through the detail design document to develop the guidelines for our minimally functional prototype.

- Start button
- Be able to move the motors
- Easily connectable power buses for voltages
- Sensor connections easily changeable
- Proper voltages from power buses
- E Stop button
- Basic robot mobility - forward, backward, rotate
- Robot can go up an incline
- Robot can know its approximate location within a two-inch tolerance
- 2-Way communication between the Jetson Nano and auxilliary controllers

Changing minimually function prototype due date to 2/27/24 so that it is on a date that we will be meeting.

The team is giving itself a deadline to have everything put together by a week before the minimally functional prototype.

Agenda for Wednesday Meeting:

- Ask Roberts about what he expects from a minimally functional prototype
- Ask Roberts about the process for ordering a new PCB if necessary

Team Meeting:



## Action Items for Next Meeting

Go over what everyone has done since the last meeting. Add more specific objectives for next meeting based on progress/issues from last meeting.

## Member Assignments

Isaac J:\
Start working with Nav2 (ROS navigation package) and learning how to navigate the robot. Will also start on a more detailed flowchart for how the robot structure will work.

Luke:\
Respond to whatever changes Dr. Chen requests on the wireless charging signoff. Continue debugging the power board to ensure that it can provide the correct output voltages and currents. Also testing the input voltage range. Finally, make sure that the battery charger can successfully charge the battery.

Abigail:\
Will start looking at the motors and how the encoding works. Start working on the skeleton code for the motor control.

Mabel:\
Look over all of the prints from last semester and make sure that everything fits together.

Isaac H:\
Work more on the line following, testing with different colors to see if the reflectances change and if any amplification needs to be done in code. Also work on the OLED display to be put on the robot. Will make the line-following code more modular.