# Group 7 Meeting Minutes 24-02-05

## Attendance:

**In-Person:**\
Mabel Olson\
Abigail Kennedy\
Luke Chapman\
Reid Crews\
Isaac Jennings\
Isaac Hoese

**Remote:**\


## Team Member Updates

Mabel:\
Got more of the components printed, everything except for a few sensor attachments. Printed using Van Neste's printer using resin due to printer's being out of order. Submitted things to be printed at the library last week and has not been printed yet. Will send email to VN to print other stuff.

Isaac H:\
Worked a lot on the line sensor. Found out that the library the sensor uses does nto actually work with the arduino library.Will do line following testing Tue or Wed. Need to find out how to interface with the two sensors. Will also work on the bluetooth connectivity

Reid:\
Got TOF sensor to work and got code for the ultrasonic sensor to work. Will try doing two TOF sensors and see if need to change the code for them. 

Luke:\
Did testing on the power board. Tested to make sure board works over the entire battery range, made sure the battery charger works with the battery and the board can be powered with the battery and charger connected. Also tested the short-circuit protection of the charger, which worked fine. Notes from testing are in the "Documentation/Electrical."

Isaac J:\
Looked in to the navigation stack to add nav to the code and figure out what the control diagram and structure is going to look like. There is a nice sensor library that can be used. The largest unknown is to figure out how to use ROS on the arduinos. Can do all of the sensor code with this library and the library takes care of a lot of the specific details. Will probably use the "Twist" function of ROS for motor communcation.

Abigail:\
Worked on the motor code to get basic modular commands to getting the robot to be able to move forward, backward, and rotate. Also put the motors on the robot, they all sit fine except for one that is missing a piece. Will simplify the code this week and test to make sure that it works fine while attached to the robot.

## Action Items from Last Meeting

Go over what everyone has done since the last meeting. Add more specific objectives for next meeting based on progress/issues from last meeting.

## Meeting Minutes

Should mention to Roberts about the week we lost and see if the prototype deadline should be pushed back a week. 

Need to figure out meeting time with Dr. Chen so that we can talk to her about the prototype now that we know more about what Roberts expects.

Mabel has found issues with the different tolerances and precisions of the different printers. The resin printers have been very good, one of the library printers is very good, and some of VN's printer have not been quite as good.

Meeting time discussion. The team found that 1:00pm-2:00pm Thursday works best of the times that Dr. Chen gave. Need to mention that Roberts' prototype is different from what we discussed.

Should make a checklist to be able to check off for the minimally function prototype (MFP). 

Agenda bullet points:
- Power Board testing
- Moving the prototype deadline
- Third SECON board

The team saw how most of the components would fit in the robot chassis.

## Action Items for Next Meeting

Go over what all of the team members have done. Discuss with Dr. Chen  about the MFP.

## Member Assignments

Continue working on subsystems.