# Group 7 Meeting Minutes 24-04-01

## Attendance:

**In-Person:**\
Abigail Kennedy\
Reid Crews\
Isaac Hoese\
Mabel Olson\
Luke Chapman\
Isaac Jennings

**Remote:**


## Team Member Updates

Mabel:\
Created an experimental analysis (EA) markdown file for everyone to add their sections to the signoffs. Almost done with experimental analysis and manual.

Isaac J:\
Got serial communication working. The issue was from the baudrate variables being defined within a class. Will meet up with Isaac H to get sensor communication finalized.

Abigail:\
Manual almost done. Doing EA stuff today. Will work on navigation stuff with Isaac J this week.

Luke:\
Replaced the diodes with capacitors on the power boards. First board's 3.3 V bus began having issues, sometimes outputting the incorrect voltage. Replaced with backup board which works fine. Motors and motor drivers work fine. Hypothesis that driver failure was heat-related from the constant switching of the motors, not an electrical failure. 

Isaac H:\
Worked on user manual, will continue working on it this week. All subsystems should be pretty much done. Will help Isaac J with navigation this week.

Reid:\
Started on EA, need to finish. Worked on user manual. Sensor precision has been under an inch so far, much better than the required 2 inch precision.

## Action Items from Last Meeting



## Meeting Minutes

Make sure all constraints are discussed in experimental analysis, not just the ones derived from shall statements.

Should mention in the manual to get all components placed before moving things around.

Will take team photo during meeting time next Monday (4/8/24). Business casual is the dress code for the picture.

## Action Items for Next Meeting

Go over progress on EA.

## Member Assignments

Continue working on EA.