# Group 7 Meeting Minutes 23-10-31

## Attendance:

**In-Person:**\
Nan Chen\
Reid Crews\
Mabel Olson\
Isaac Jennings\
Abigail Kennedy\
Isaac Hoese\
Luke Chapman

**Remote:**


## Team Member Updates

Each team member has continued working on their subsystem signoffs and is nearly ready to submit to Dr. Chen for her feedback. One of the five signoff pull requests has been submitted, and everyone agreed that they will have their pull request submitted by tonight.

## Action Items from Last Meeting

Team members will go over what everyone has done. The team will also discuss the signoff request that has been submitted and talk about submitting the next signoffs.

## Meeting Minutes

**Supervisor Meeting:**\
The team discussed with Dr. Chen about the pull request that had been submitted by Isaac H and was approved by her. The team did not have much to discuss with her other than the general submission goals that the team hopes to reach by the end of the semester.

The team hopes to have submitted all of the signoffs and have them all approved by the end of the semester. All team members said that they would have their pull requests for the detail design checkpoint 2 submitted by the end of the day.

**Team Meeting:**

The team briefly discussed what everyone had done and each person talked about their plans for the future signoffs and the general schedule that they plan to submit their signoffs by.

Isaac H, Reid, and Luke also discussed making a breakout board PCB for the sensor connections.

## Action Items for Next Meeting

Go over any feedback on the signoff pull requests given by Dr. Chen for any of the five signoffs submitted.

## Member Assignments

Each member should work on their next signoffs and make corrections to their current signoffs once feedback is received from Dr. Chen.