# Group 7 Meeting Minutes 24-02-12

## Attendance:

**In-Person:**\
Reid Crews\
Isaac Jennings\
Abigail Kennedy\
Mabel Olson\
Isaac Hoese\
Luke Chapman

**Remote:**\


## Team Member Updates

Abigail:\
Worked on the code for the motors, waiting for the motor mounts to be finished before beginning all of the motor testing.

Isaac J:\
Missing a cable, when that comes should be able to get microcontroller comm working. Got robot simulation working with a controller. Will get robot working first with a keyboard then a controller.

Reid:\
Got two time-of-flight sensors working together, needed to solder in a shutdown pin. Had to use the Adafruit library for the sensors because some of the other library is private.

Isaac H:\
Worked on wireless communciation and started trying to get the UART orking. Did a line following test which failed bc of the opacitity of the paper, redoing with duct tape on paper.

Mabel:\
Met with the people in the Machine shop and they said they can probably do the motor mounts. The shop said they would do water jet cutting and have metal that is about the right thickness. Redid the motor mount models and reduced to one attachment point per side so thtat it can be slid further forward and backwards. Redesigned the attachment model to add a back panel for easier mounting and sent to library for printing. Going to meet with the machine shop today about getting the new attachment models fabricated. 

Luke:\
Finished the testing able to be done right now, board can do 5 A with no problem, but the power supply drops the voltage when the current output is turned on. The next step in testing is to test the board with the motors when the motors are ready. Soldered several more connectors, sockets and screw terminals, that are ready for use. Also connected the emergency stop button to the robot.

## Action Items from Last Meeting

Go over what each team member has done on their subsystems.

## Meeting Minutes

Advisor meetings will now be at 3pm on Tuesday.

The team went over the progress that everyone had on their subsystems and discussed plans going forward. It seems that the hardware-side of the project will likely be done before the software-side. The final testing of the power board is waiting on the motor control to be completed, which is waiting on the new motor mounts to be completed, which in turn is waiting on the machine shop to fabricate them. 

## Action Items for Next Meeting

Go over what each team member has done on their subsystems. 

## Member Assignments

Continue working on subsystems.