# Group 7 Meeting Minutes 24-03-04

## Attendance:

**In-Person:**\
Isaac Hoese\
Isaac Jennings\
Reid Crews\
Mabel Olson\
Abigail Kennedy\
Luke Chapman

**Remote:**\


## Team Member Updates

Abigail:\
Reconnected motors. Measured motor driver voltages and found that they were at 10 V, not 12 V. Not sure why but will look into.

Isaac J:\
Found another problem that came up. The microsd card said that there was only 32 GB total of space because was being reformatted to only 32 GB, but got it reformatted to the full 256 GB. Figured out we're going to be using microROS and will be setting that up.

Reid:\
Tested the position and TOF sensors and got those working together. Goals are to extend the wire length.

Isaac H:\
Reid and Isaac integrated code together and got it working. Something is blocking Isaac's sensors, so will need to look into that.

Mabel:\
Redesigned some TOF and ultrasonic sensor attachments that should be better for going up inclines, probably wont use this version of the ultrasonic. Got everything below the height requirement. Will work on changes that Mabel and Reid talked about by making the TOF sensors at an angle, finalizing layout, and cleaning up wiring. Asked for people to give pin numbers for connections.

Luke:\
Added more connectors to power board and rewired button/switch with Mabel. Will start looking at CPT and making a twisted pair "cable" with alligator clamps for charging.

## Action Items from Last Meeting

Go over progress

## Meeting Minutes

People need to start finalizing layouts, so let Mabel know if anything needs to be moved.

Measures of success:

- [x] 1. Start button
- [x] 2. Allocated data input point for alternative 
- [ ] 3. Robot is autonomous
- [x] 4. Robot shall contain modules that are plug-and-play adaptable
- [x] 5. Robot shall possess robust, centralized, charging system
- [ ] 6. Wireless charging will be evaluated
- [x] 7. Emergency stop button
- [x] 8. Power bus not inhibited by DC motor operation
- [ ] 9. Shall be able to travel up inclines of 25 degrees
- [ ] 10. Turn 360 degrees, forwards, backwards, based on input from sensors
- [ ] 11. Navigation system that controls movement
- [ ] 12. Know location within 2 inch tolerance
- [ ] 13. Max speed of 2 ft/s
- [ ] 14. User manual
- [x] 15. Not use radiative WPT
- [ ] 16. Shall abide by FCC standards
- [ ] 17. Shall abide by NEC.xx 
- [x] 18. Shall abide by IEEE code of ethics



## Action Items for Next Meeting

Go over progress and experimentation.

## Member Assignments

Continue working on subsystems

